---
layout: post
title: Resume
date: 2022-10-04 13:32:20 +0300
description: My resume. # Add post description (optional)
img: coffee-shop.jpg # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
tags: [resume, work, career]
permalink: /resume/
---


# Experience
## Applied Information Sciences
### Solutions Advisor, Software Engineer, UX Engineer
#### March 2016 - Present
Leading user experience engineering, developing and designing web applications with Angular, React/Redux and Node. 
## Riverside Research
###  Software Developer
#### September 2013 - February 2016
Developed interactive dynamic web pages using Jquery, Perl, and an Oracle DB. Researched development issues, provided multiple solutions and implemented a solution in a team. Maintained metrics and statics of an Oracle DB.
## Science Applications International Corporation
###  Software Engineer
#### September 2010 - September 2013
Support Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program and other various programs needing software design and engineering. Leading and creating a  Python/Django application that uses entity , temporal , and geospatial extraction of web based media
## Wright State University College of Engineering
###  Programming Assistant and Teacher's Assistant
#### April 2009 - October 2010
Teaching assistant for operating systems class covering file-system usage and design, process usage and control, virtual memory, multi user systems, access control. Provide assistance to Computer Science and Engineering students in Java & C/C++ introduction and intermediate level classes with debugging and solving issues with labs and projects.
## Wright State University College of Math and Science
###  Developmental Math 095 Proctor
#### September 2008 - March 2010
Taught developmental algebra and pre-algebra concepts to college students.
## The Reynolds and Reynolds Company
###  Web Developer Intern
#### Summer 2009
Internship as a Web Developer for Reynolds and Reynold's Marketing Department.

# Skills:
* JavaScript
* React and Redux
* Angular
* Node
* Ruby and Ruby on Rails
* Python and Django
* Git
* Jekyll
* HTML/CSS
* C/C++
* C#
* Visual Basic
* Java
* PostgreSQL and PostGIS
* OpenGL
* MatLab

# Publications:
## Web-based Geospatial Information Extraction
###  Proceedings of the IEEE 2012 NAECON
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6531027&queryText%3DBrian+Bacher+.PLS.+K.C.+Jones+.PLS.+Bart+Kahler
## Language Translation of Web-based Content
###  Proceedings of the IEEE 2012 NAECON
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6531026&queryText%3DBrian+Bacher+.PLS.+K.C.+Jones+.PLS.+Bart+Kahler

# Education:
## Wright State University
### Bachelors of Science in Computer Science
#### June 2011

# Volunteer:
## Girl Develop It Dayton Chapter (Dayton Women Code Together)
###  Chapter Co-Lead
#### August 2015 - January 2019
Girl Develop It is a nonprofit organization that provides affordable programs for adult women interested in learning web and software development in a judgment-free environment. The Dayton Chapter is now known as <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Dayton-Code-Together/">Dayton Women Code Together</a>


